# Fetch-Receipt-Processor-Challenge

## Installation guide
- Golang : https://go.dev/doc/install
- Docker : 
    - Mac : https://docs.docker.com/desktop/install/mac-install/
    - Windows : https://docs.docker.com/desktop/install/windows-install/

## How to run the API server

1. Clone repo
2. `cd` into cloned repo
3. Build Docker image by running `docker build -t receipt-processor-backend .`
4. Confirm the docker image by running `docker image ls` and check for `receipt-processor-backend` with the tag `latest`
5. Run the docker image using this command from the same directory `docker run -p 8000:8000 receipt-processor-backend`
6. Verify that the server has started by going to `http://localhost:8080/` to see that `Server is running...`

You can use Postman or curl to hit the APIs mentioned below.

## Summary of API Specification

### Endpoint: Process Receipts
- Path: `/receipts/process`
- Method: POST
- Payload: Receipt JSON
- Response: JSON containing an id for the receipt.

Description:
Takes in a JSON receipt and returns a JSON object with an ID generated by your code.
The ID returned is the ID that should be passed into `/receipts/{id}/points` to get the number of points the receipt was awarded.
How many points should be earned are defined by the rules below.

Example Response:
> { "Id": "7fb1377b-b223-49d9-a31a-5a02701dd310" }

### Endpoint: Get Points
- Path: `/receipts/{id}/points`
- Method: GET
- Response: A JSON object containing the number of points awarded.

A simple Getter endpoint that looks up the receipt by the ID and returns an object specifying the points awarded.

#### Rules
- One point for every alphanumeric character in the retailer name.
- 50 points if the total is a round dollar amount with no cents.
- 25 points if the total is a multiple of 0.25.
- 5 points for every two items on the receipt.
- If the trimmed length of the item description is a multiple of 3, multiply the price by 0.2 and round up to the nearest integer. The result is the number of points earned.
- 6 points if the day in the purchase date is odd.
- 10 points if the time of purchase is after 2:00pm and before 4:00pm.

Example Response:
> { "Points": 32 }



### For any questions you can contact takshs2@illinois.edu